
we major? c'mon, homie, we major
we major? c'mon, homie, we major
we major! c'mon, homie, we major
we major! c'mon

feeling better than some head on a sunday afternoon
better than a chick that say "yes" too soon
until you have a daughter; that's what i call karma
and you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon
projects tore up, gang signs is thrown up
niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
why else you think shorties write rhymes? just to blow up?
get they first car and then, irs show up
he ain't never had shit, but he had that nine
nigga come through flicking and he had that shine
put two and two together and a little bad weather
gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
asked the reverend, "was the strip clubs cool?
if my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?"
that's all i want, like winos want they good whiskey
i ain't in the klan, but i brought my hood with me



we major? (c'mon, homie, we major)
we major? (c'mon, homie, we major)
we major (c'mon, homie, we major)
we major

can i talk my shit again?
can i talk my shit again?
i can't believe i'm back up in this motherfucker
i'ma be late, though
i gotta figure out what i'm finna wear
yeah
the roc is definitely in the building
g.o.o.d. music's definitely in the building, ugh
i gotta say "what's up" to tony williams
on the vocals!
singshe sings quite beautifully, don't you agree?
don't you agree?
ugh
and jon brion on the keys right now
and warryn campbell on the keys right now
so they asked me:
"why you call it late registration, 'ye?"
'cause we takin these motherfuckers back to school
la, la, la, la-la-la-la la
if you know this part right here, feel free to sing along
la la la la la, la-la-la

ba-dop-bop-ba (oh)
feeling better than i ever felt before today (if you feeling good)
but better late than never; it's orientation (it's orientation)
but we can make it better, throwing all your cares away
we want you to get used to this
oh, oh, oh, ooh! ba-dop-bop-ba
ugh, they can't do what we do, baby
uh-uh, uh-uh! they can't do what we do baby
uh-uh, uh-uh! they can't do what we do, baby
yeah
oh, oh, oh, ooh