Bin Laden with a pen, bodyin' again
I begin slaughterin' your men, prolly shoulda been
Ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin
Like a Saudi in the Taliban plottin' an event
In the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent
And I would not even relent up on a little
Like Osama with a bomb under the bin and down the middle
Of the Pentagon and hit a kindergartner with a rental (Stop!)
Back and forth, back and forth
Like Jack Kevorkian's ass to court
"Rap mature! Why can't you be like Macklemore?" (Huh?)
"Why you always gotta smack a whore?" (Huh?)
It's likely the psychiatric ward's a last resort (Huh?)
Something's gotta give, that's for sure
Yet you keep comin' back for more
Not as raw as I was, “'Walk on Water' sucks”
Bitch, suck my dick!
Y'all saw the tracklist and had a fit
'Fore you heard it, so you formed your verdict
While you sat wit' your arms crossed
Did your little reaction videos and talked over songs (Chill!)
Nah dog, y'all sayin' I lost it?
Your fuckin' marbles are gone (Wait, Em!)
But nowadays every flow, every cadence sound the same (Skrrt)
Brain's a powder keg, I draw inspiration outta hate
Real pain in the paper, I don't trace
But if I look strange and outta place
It's 'cause I'm an alien, that's why
I write 'til the page is outta space (Duh!)
From 7 Mile in Novara
To "How can I be down?", all of us tryna pile in the car (Yeah!)
We shot for the stars (Yeah!)
'Cause we only got so much time in this world (Yeah!)
So rewind it to your high school dance to the night before
If you think you're promised tomorrow (Yeah!)
Now I'm 'bout to fool again
This tune is sick, it's luminous, the moon is lit
A freakin' lunatic, a human computer chip
And I'm soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick
If I was you, I wouldn't do nothin' stupid due to the mood I'm in
I'm losin' it, you get chewed like a Junior Mint
Show me who to rip, it's time for you to get screwed
Empty the lubricant and put super glue in it (Woo!)
How many fuckin' rappers did I go through?
Dispel doubt, but you won't admit I smoked
And you was spellbound, hellbound in my snowsuit
But am I s'posed to sound like everything else out?
'Cause I don't get compared to it, only myself now
Well, I can see the fair-weather fans and sales down
But the only way I care is if I let myself down
But what the fuck have I woke to?
Time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools
I know you still want me to ill out, don't you?
Hopin' the old Slim's gonna spill out, open
Fire on your whole camp with this spit, I roast you
So chill out, no, you
Hoes couldn't roast me with the shit I wrote you
Then I took a stand, went at Tan-Face and practically cut my motherfuckin' fan base in half and still outsold you
You just called my shit trash?
Thank God, I rap better when the odds are stacked
"Revival's wack, I don't like the 'Zombie' track
And when he's talkin' that garbage psychotic crap
Where's your content at?
What's with all the conscious rap?
P!nk, Beyoncé this and Kehlani that" (Yeah!)
I just add it to the fuel in my rocket pack
'Til I'm ready to respond, then I'ma launch it at 'em
Idiotic from the fuckin' embryonic sac
To the body bag, I'll be back
And when I am, I'll be at your fuckin' throat like—
